
## UP VARIATION
## -----------------------------------------------------------
prompt_WZ_puw_Up  : WZTo3LNu                    : xsec : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_puw_Up : VHToNonbb                   : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_puw_Up : GGHZZ4L                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_puw_Up : ZZTo4L                      : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
convs_puw_Up      : TTGJets                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isconv.txt"  , SkipMe=True
convs_puw_Up      : ZGTo2LG                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isconv.txt"  , SkipMe=True
convs_puw_Up      : TTGJets                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
convs_puw_Up      : ZGTo2LG                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_puw_Up  : WWW                         : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_puw_Up  : WWZ                         : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_puw_Up  : WZZ                         : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_puw_Up  : ZZZ                         : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttW_puw_Up  : TTWToLNu_ext1+TTWToLNu_ext2 : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttZ_puw_Up  : TTZToLLNuNu                 : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttZ_puw_Up  : TTHnobb_pow                 : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_puw_Up  : TTLLJets_m1to10             : 0.0493    : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_puw_Up  : TTTT                        : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_puw_Up  : tZW_ll                      : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_puw_Up  : tZq_ll                      : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, 1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True

## DN VARIATION
## -----------------------------------------------------------
prompt_WZ_puw_Dn  : WZTo3LNu                    : xsec : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_puw_Dn : VHToNonbb                   : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_puw_Dn : GGHZZ4L                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
prompt_ZZH_puw_Dn : ZZTo4L                      : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
convs_puw_Dn      : TTGJets                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isconv.txt"  , SkipMe=True
convs_puw_Dn      : ZGTo2LG                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isconv.txt"  , SkipMe=True
convs_puw_Dn      : TTGJets                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
convs_puw_Dn      : ZGTo2LG                     : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_puw_Dn  : WWW                         : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_puw_Dn  : WWZ                         : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_puw_Dn  : WZZ                         : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_VVV_puw_Dn  : ZZZ                         : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttW_puw_Dn  : TTWToLNu_ext1+TTWToLNu_ext2 : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttZ_puw_Dn  : TTZToLLNuNu                 : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttZ_puw_Dn  : TTHnobb_pow                 : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_puw_Dn  : TTLLJets_m1to10             : 0.0493    : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_puw_Dn  : TTTT                        : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_puw_Dn  : tZW_ll                      : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
rares_ttX_puw_Dn  : tZq_ll                      : xsec      : puw_nInt_Moriond(nTrueInt, -1) ; FakeRate="susy-ewkino/3l/fakerate_standard_central.txt\,susy-ewkino/4l/fakerate_load_isprompt.txt", SkipMe=True
